1. Data Visualisation is a cool course covering lot of material on data visuals 
and the theory behind it as well. I think, I will be able to present data more
efficiently after this course.

2. I think I will be learning a lot of HTML, CSS, javascript and d3.
I hope to be able to convey databases in an efficient and visually captivating way
after this class.

3. I am comfortable with C, C++, I have coded in javascript for an earlier course here
in Model Integrated Computing. I also have experience in Matlab, python and R.
I have also coded in tcl and perl scriptig.

4. I am most comfortable with C.

5. Yes I have created data visualisations, many were for my assignments in machine learning
course, where we had to show scatter plots of dataset, validation curves, plots showing 
data points and decision boundary. Earlier I have made presentations showing bar diagram,
pie charts to compare different entities.

6. I have worked on a dataset with 16,00,000 data enteries, it was a dataset of patients
admitted in the ICU for TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury). We had to mine the data to find 
the connection between age and endocrine diseases after they were admitted for TBI.
I used python and R to mine and analyze the dataset.

7. I think the visualization in the TED talk 'the best statistics yu have ever seen', 
is my favourite visualisation so far, since it shows the trends in a particular social 
aspect against other nations over a period of 10-20 years and you can make clear 
deductions on the data by just visualising the data.

8. I think the worst visualisation is the one I saw in an article showing 
criminal activities in Tucson. It had a map and the dot marhers showing where there
were activities reorted in the last month, but when you zoomed out the dots would 
cover the entire area on Tucson and it was hard to locate places where it actually was
reported. So I could not get an clear picture of criminal activities on the website.

9. 75% I think, given most of the folks are fairly new to HTML, CSS , javascript and d3.

10. 90% I think.

11. No I have never used version control before, it will be a new thing for me.

12. No experience.

13. No experience.

14. Intersting thing was the article which was discused in class about different datasets
being different with similar statistical summaries. I am still waiting to see the Game 
of Thrones season finale , so that or maybe theories on how the series will end 
and who will sit on the iron throne / how the knight king will die.

8. 